is more together than the sitar get all
y'all alright sit where is the audio no
huh no look that's not like him
he thinks that other people other people
other donors are didn't get sent me
Cardinal this bit yeah Hey oh no no come
here come here come here
hey you had a fitting hey come on this
day so you get it
girl yeah no hey sit sit sit sit
stick sit here to eat it
come on guys you want reason up come on
we're we're you up say ah say no back
back that they do it in segments but
they're not quite in sync
come on Sookie come here sir
Simon Says sit Oh Sookie
so Cosette
ah back up back up
can't get over
sit good here a vamper
plus there's not enough room
they're rather large yes you believe
one Sookie
good girl sit
to make cooks in the kitchen
I think it's Treat time the comminute it
okay sit
girl boy
stamped isn't it this BAM
then sit
yes
man